[Intro]
So we have a website it's called bespokeethos.com and I'm just going to kind of like talk about it a little bit unedited and it's going to kind of just be like a rundown of the business, how we got started, and what we do. So a little bit of background. My name is Upton Rand spelled U-P-T-O-N R-A-N-D, I have a bachelors in biology am nglcc certified, catalant vetted, and microsoft backed founder
I have been training AI for over 10 years, starting with the flagship models that most people are familiar with like ChatGTP. Claude, I worked on Co-Pilot, pretty much all of them. And I saw their whole like evolution from basically just rudimentary petri dish experiences to what people are used to seeing today. So as a result, I kind of have seen how quickly AI can grow and how quickly it can shape the future and shape the landscape of business.
It is a voice memo. It has been edited to include proper punctuation. It has been edited All kinds of stuff, you know, promotion, networking, and it just wasn't possible. And I realized that, you know, the only way I was going to make this work was with AI. And at that point, I started working heavily with it. It started with
You know, all sorts of stuff, just like optimizing my blogs to generating e-mails. And then I started to integrate in agentic functions into my business. And it all worked out pretty well. I kept learning as I was going and workplace automation kind of saved my ass. I mean, I really had like a staff of like three or four people when it was just me working a day job.
So I thought to myself, you know, these are tools that other small business owners might not have the experience I do And they could do the same thing I could They just needed like a guide like a Sherpa I knew there were also like dozens and dozens of AI tools out there and the idea of like chaining them together And like making comprehensive workflows is is a daunting task You know the last
Please see review n°108.1033 on PissedConsumer.com I do offer a 20% discount to LGBTQ businesses, but the amount of time that we give these business owners back that they can use to like do things that actually generate revenue like chase leads, network, do the things that matter so they're not tied up with the things that are redundant and don't.
It's huge. It's absolutely huge. And I know for me personally, it paid for itself 10 times over.
I think AI should augment human intelligence. I don't think AI alone is capable at this point of doing what a human can do, and I don't think a human is capable of doing what an AI can do. The magic happens when AI and humans work side by side, when there's a human in the loop.
That's when, you know, the turbo button gets pressed. Our company bespoke ethos is about one thing and one thing only, getting people back time. Time is everything when you're a business owner. And we know that. We've lived that. We've felt that pain, those pressure points that they're feeling. And we get it.
We're in a unique position to get it, as small business owners ourselves.

[Services]
Hello? Yeah, so for that $239 they get a one-hour phone session with us where we just kind of talk about their business and the options of where they could apply it. It's so vast and everyone is so different like this is incredibly necessary for us to like build them like a truly bespoke automation.
Once we figure out what they need, we will start to discuss with them the different options and figure out which of the puzzle pieces fits their situation best. Because they all basically do the same thing for their categories, but they all do it a little bit different.
That's a huge part of what we provide, that knowledge of how they're different and how to apply them to individual businesses. Many people truly have that. Building them though, it gave me a huge leg up because I know their flaws and I know them like the back of my hand, but I also know their benefits. The benefits that don't get advertised on like advertisements or websites.
So we're going to do that $239 package. They're going to get an hour phone consult. Then they're going to get my recommendation Bespoke Automation Pipeline It's gonna give them the software Recommendations by me most of these pieces of software at free tiers, so it's probably not gonna cost them anything if not much in terms of like a monthly subscription to some of the software that I might recommend if it's a problem or They you know can't work with a specific piece of software They're free to email us back and I'll
Please see review n°107.107,001 on PissedConsumer.com
We're gonna give them custom like step-by-step instructions for implementing their plan and it's gonna kind of like guide them every step of the way. If they get stuck, we're going to give them access to a custom fine-tuned GBT that can speak with them and kind of like walk them through it.
After that, I am going to follow up two weeks after to kind of like see how the use of their automation has been going and if they've been having any problems, any complaints.
That's pretty much it. The other package is Bespoke Automation. And that's entire workflows. We would take one huge problem off their debt. Let's say it was a carpenter and one big problem he was having is when he was building houses he never remembered when to order lumber. We would just make him a really short widget that he could enter lumber costs in, um, might, you know, track it for him in a database.
There is no communication between the website and their email, and even if there was, it's not going to write it on their order board. So we would totally take care of that. We would bridge that gap for them with an automation. and we would also install it, provide training to their staff, and cover the complete automation with a
90 day break it we fix it guarantee.

[AI and Enterprise]
Our custom AI services that we offer are like sub-packages. So the first thing we would cover... I'm sorry, off... I meant to say offer. We don't just give them away for free. We offer them. So we will do custom prompt engineering for... AI orchestration, custom workflow orchestration, custom AI programs.
AI Assets
So we'll offer prompt engineering services for all of those. We don't want to put a price in. These are just AI services.
Financial deep dives.
Search Engine Optimization and Branding Services.
Marketing Analysis Services.
Investment analysis.
And custom AI fine-tuning.
We also offer enterprise services including full stack development.
SAS Solutions, and that's it.